docs: add link to RH docu VictoriaMetrics (#59)
OCP-on-NERC/docs: architecture/observability/README.md

- **[Thanos]**: Thanos aggregates and stores all the metrics received from all the Prometheus instances from the managed clusters into an object storage, such that it can then support dashboards that can offer a holistic view of the fleet of managed clusters.

- **Metrics Collector**: The metric collector does exactly what that name says, it collects and aggregates the metrics data forwarded by the Prometheus instance. It then uses the RHACM Observability Controller API to push data to the RHACM hub cluster.

- **[Prometheus]**: Prometheus is native to OpenShift Container Platform and monitors all the cluster components and forwards the metrics data to the Metrics Collector or to the Grafana instance local to the cluster.

- **[Grafana]**: Grafana is being utilized to provide dashboard(s) for visibility to the end-to-end platform metrics for all the clusters through a single pane of glass. Grafana comes out of the box as part of the RHACM Observability stack and is installed during RHACM installation process.

> - **[Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation][odf] (ODF)**: ODF is an object storage that is required and made available for Thanos on the RHACM Hub cluster to store all the platform metrics collected from each of the managed clusters.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
- **[Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation][odf] (ODF)**: ODF is a storage operator built on top of Ceph (for block storage) and Noobaa (for object storage). We use it to provide object storage for Thanos on the RHACM Hub cluster to store all the platform metrics collected from each of the managed clusters.
```

> - **[VictoriaMetrics]**: VictoriaMetrics offers an option to also send metrics to a Backup Object Bucket, and on the infra side, the metrics go to a separate metrics bucket with retention.

Reviewer: This is still missing the answer to the question, "What is VictoriaMetrics?".  How about:

```suggestion
- **[VictoriaMetrics]**: VictoriaMetrics is an alternative storage backend for Prometheus. It offers an option to store metrics in an object storage service. On the infra side, the metrics go to a separate metrics bucket with a retention policy to limit the space consumed by metrics storage.
```

> - **[VictoriaMetrics]**: VictoriaMetrics offers an option it is configured to go to a Backup Object Bucket, and on the infra side, the metrics go to a separate metrics bucket with retention.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "VictoriaMetrics offers an option it is configured to go to a Backup Object Bucket", 
Maybe "VictoriaMetrics offers an option to also send metrics to a Backup Object Bucket"

Author: accepted and changed

**Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation (ODF):** ODF is an object storage that is required and made available for Thanos on the RHACM Hub cluster to store all the platform metrics collected from each of the managed clusters.

> **VictoriaMetrics:** VictoriaMetrics offers an option it is configured to go to a Backup Object Bucket, and on the infra side, the metrics go to a separate metrics bucket with retention. [1]

Reviewer: Instead of using a footnote-style reference, just make the name a link:

```suggestion
**[VictoriaMetrics]:** VictoriaMetrics offers an option it is configured to go to a Backup Object Bucket, and on the infra side, the metrics go to a separate metrics bucket with retention.
```

**Alertmanager:** The Alertmanager is a component of RHACM, and it takes care of deduplicating, grouping, and routing the alerts to the predefined appropriate end tools such as email, PagerDuty, or OpsGenie. Basically, the Alertmanager from the managed clusters will forward all the alerts to the RHACM hub cluster observability service for it to take appropriate action on the alerts.

---

> [1]: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.9/html/observability/using-observability#exporting-metrics-to-external-endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[victoriametrics]: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.9/html/observability/using-observability#exporting-metrics-to-external-endpoints
```
